Episode 1
Hey, you thief cat, come here and fight me.
Hey, hey, what are you doing?
You're in the middle of the city.
It's me, the one who's making the noise.
What's that noise?
What noise?
Be quiet.
What's wrong, Kumako?
Hey, hey, be careful.
I bought 13 pieces of horse mackerel earlier.
I thought I'd drink it with fish.
I went to the pond and checked it.
There's no shape or shadow of horse mackerel.
I asked the kakao and the cat next door came and ate it.
There are 13 fish.
If you eat one, it's 13 times.
If you eat two, it's six times half.
You guys, do your best with kakao and grandma.
You don't know how to take one cat.
Hey, humans are two, cats are one.
What? I said I'd take it.
There are only 100 people, so I beat the kakao.
This time, the chouchin grandma spoke.
What is chouchin grandma?
What's with the face?
There are many people, so it's chouchin grandma.
This time, the chouchin grandma spoke.
What are you talking about?
You guys fight for three days like you.
It's not like that, three days.
I always do it every day.
If you don't do it yesterday, you do it today.
Can you fight that much?
Do the kakao.
The kakao is the foundation of the 100 kakao.
The kakao is the most important thing.
The kakao is not the son of the bear.
If you don't have parents, you can't put on a bed.
If you don't have a child, you can't eat cucumbers.
It's completely different.
There is a thing called a niji-yushiko in Morokoshi.
Do you know that?
What?
There is a man called Oshou.
He was working at a police station with his mother.
He wanted to eat cucumbers.
He was wearing a thick coat.
He was wearing a coat of ice.
What happened?
When the ice melted, the cucumbers fell out.
You can't say that.
He was wearing a coat of ice.
When he was in school, he wanted to see the sky.
He had a dream.
He was thinking,
He had a mother.
He wanted to eat bamboo shoots, so he went to the back of the mountain to look for bamboo shoots.
But he couldn't find any.
He looked up at the sky, saying,
''I can't do this without bamboo shoots.''
''You can't find bamboo shoots in the sky, so you're looking for bamboo shoots?''
''You're wrong.''
''That's where it all started. You're looking for bamboo shoots.''
''Don't say anything else.''